Update index.md (#8865)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/http/index.md

    - **max_upload_records** (optional): The maximum number of log lines per batch. This must be at least 1000 lines or more. Note that you cannot to specify a minimum number of log lines per batch; this means that log files may contain many fewer lines than this.

{{<Aside type="note" header="Note">}}

> Note that the `ownership_challenge` parameter is not required to create a Logpush job to an HTTP endpoint. You need to make sure that the file upload to validate the destination it's accepting a gzipped `test.txt.gz` with content as {content:"tests"} compressed, otherwise will give an error like `error validating destination: error writing object: error uploading`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `ownership_challenge` parameter is not required to create a Logpush job to an HTTP endpoint. You need to make sure that the file upload to validate the destination it's accepting a gzipped `test.txt.gz` with content as {"content":"tests"} compressed, otherwise will give an error like `error validating destination: error writing object: error uploading`.
```

> Note that the `ownership_challenge` parameter is not required to create a Logpush job to an HTTP endpoint. You need to make sure that the file upload to validate the destination it's accepting a gzipped `test.txt.gz` with content as {"content":"tests"} compressed, otherwise will give an error like `error validating destination: error writing object: error uploading`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `ownership_challenge` parameter is not required to create a Logpush job to an HTTP endpoint. You need to make sure that the file upload to validate the destination accepts a gzipped `test.txt.gz` with content as {"content":"tests"} compressed, otherwise it will return an error, like `error validating destination: error writing object: error uploading`.
```
